Add make install (#14)
infobloxopen/github.release.notes: README.md

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Installing

The following steps will install the `atlas` binary to your `$GOBIN` directory.

```sh
$go get github.com/infobloxopen/github.release.notes/release-notes

```

You're all set! Alternatively, you can clone the repository and install the binary manually.

```sh
$git clone https://github.com/infobloxopen/github.release.notes.git
$cd github.release.notes
$make
```

#### Flags

> Here's the full set of flags for application.

Reviewer: It's not a full list.

| Flag          | Description                                                         | Required      | Default Value |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ------------- |

> | `github.token`| The Githu token for communication with gihub.api                    | Yes           | `""`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `github.token`| The GitHub Personal Access Token for communication with gihub.api                    | Yes           | `""`          |
```

Author: fixed
